So, guys, going forward, so next we will discuss the KLP, SLV is an acronym for Type Land Value.
SLV is a mechanism to encode the data in the format that is independent of machine architecture underlying
operating system.
That is whether you are using Linux operating system or Windows operating system or Mac or any other
operating system that it is independent of the compiler or any programming language that you are using.
So the communicating machines are able to receive or exchange the messages with each other using the
concept of PLB without being worrying about any of these factors impacting their communication.
So Elvis has three components.
So you can see it's a typical form of artillery.
The first component of the deal is the PLB type Sutil, which means it is just an integer number.
This integer number varies from zero to two hundred and fifty five.
Now, you must be able to think that why this number is between zero to two hundred and fifty five.
The reason is that the PLB type is assigned only one byte.
So one byte means Edwards and using it, which you can specify a number from zero to two hundred and
fifty five.
So that is the reason that the LV type has to be a number between zero to two hundred and fifty five.
So this is called LV type or the LV in the next byte, and that really is result for data length.
So the actual data is present in the third component of the PLB that is here.
So whatever is the length of this data, that length has to be specified in the second component of
the bill.
And you can see that the second component of the deal is again assigned a one byte space.
So using one byte again, you can specify a number between zero to two hundred and fifty five.
So it means that the length of the actual data that is carried in the people, we cannot exceed more
than two hundred and fifty five bytes because you cannot specify a value more than two hundred and fifty
five.
And the second component of the PLB, that is greater length.
The reason being that data length has been assigned only one bit of space.
So this is the format of the PLB.
It has three components, the type land and value, right?
So TLC type is the PLB unique identifier, and it's a value between zero to two hundred and fifty five
and TLC land is the length of the actual data that is present.
And the third component of the TLC.
So going forward, let us take an example, suppose you have a machine, some machine, or you can see
a router which has four interfaces on each of these four interfaces, you can see the IP address and
the Moscow is configured.
Right, so our problem statement is, suppose the machine is let us suppose that this is a machine,
it wants to send a message to Machine B and machine.
It wants to send the information about all IP addresses, which is configured on all its interface.
So it means that the Machine E wants to send a list of all IP addresses which are configured on all
the interfaces to the machine.
B So let us see.
Using the concept of PLB, how can Machine E achieve this?
So we need to define the three components of the deal that is still with type the LV land and the actual
data.
So let us assume so.
Let us take so we can take any number as we type for example.
So let us take the pill.
Riyadi as 132 now.
Next thing that we need to do is to define the definition of the LV 132.
So what does that mean?
Definition of PLB 132 means the type of the message that we want to try to represent.
So we want to try to represent a four byte integer number.
So remember, an IP address can always be represented as a four by 20 to No.
So PLB 132 is defined as four by integer number, followed by one byte mosque value.
So this is called that the LV definition.
So what we have done so far, we have taken a number 132, which represents the deal with it.
And next, we have defined the definition of PLB 132.
That is, what does the TRV 132 represent.
So tell me what 32 represents a four byte integer number, followed by one by muscularly.
This is called the LV definition.
So any machine in the network which is supposed to process Dahlby 132 when they received this deal with.
Those machines are supposed to be aware of this 12 year definition, right?
So one machine, a sense that they'll be one 32 to machine B, then machine B should be aware of the
PLB definition.
That is, when Machine B receives that, there'll be 132 machine.
We should know that there'll be 132 is all about four byte integer number, followed by a one bite of
mosque value that said.
So you can see here the example of PLB 132, that is how the machine will encode the IP addresses of
all of its interfaces using till we 132.
So you can see this is the first component of the PLB, which is the LV 132.
So we have given an ID as one 32.
Right.
And going by the definition of the LV that the definition is for Python.
These are number followed by one bite mark value.
So it's a four by 20, the number followed by one by Mascheroni.
So this is the deal with definition.
Right.
So you can see that in this message there are four occurrence of Barelvi definition.
Yes, you can have multiple occurrence of the LV definition in a single message, right, and what is
the size of one PLB definition?
That is four plus one.
That is five bytes since the very definition occurs four times, therefore, five plus five plus five
plus five, that is 20 words.
So land of the data that is carried in this Delva is 20 bytes.
Right.
So this is how it is defined, the PLB 132 is now communicating to Machine B, the list of all the IP
addresses that is configured on the interfaces of Machine A.
Now, let us see what will the receiving machine do when they receives this CLV?
So let us say that the Machine B has received this message.
So now let us see that how the Machine B will pass this DMV and read all the values specified in this
CLV, we correctly.
So, as you know that the first component of the deal is only one bite, but will always be a one bite
so that a Syrian machine will just read the first part of the deal by reading the first part of the
deal with the receiving machine, would come to know here that this deal with 132.
Now, as I said, that the receiving machine, which is supposed to process that PLB 132 must be aware
of the definition of people we want to do so.
The moment the machine reads that it is still we want to do that as soon as she knows that it's for
white I.P. address, followed by one byte mosque value.
So the unit data type on this deal, which is followed by an IP address, which is in the digital form,
followed by one bite mark squarely.
Right, and since the receiving machine knows the definition of Dahlby, the receiving machine can calculate
the size of unit data on this Thirlby so the unit data size of the CLB is five bytes.
That is four plus one.
That is five bytes.
So what will the machine do next?
The racing machine.
Then next, read the second byte.
That is the second component of the PLB, which is 20.
So the receiving machine will then divide the sovereignty by the unit to size.
Which is five, so if this machine would know four, so this machine would come to know that there are
four unit data that is being carried by the CLV.
So now the machine knows that it has four appearance of unity.
Right.
So this is occurrence one.
This is occurrence to this occurrence three, and this is occurrence four.
So now the receiving machine can iterate over the rest of the data and read all the units of data without
any problem.
So suppose that I had more interfaces and it could specify more occurrence of the LV 132 unit data types.
So it could have specify more IP address and lost value, more IP address and muscularly the receiving
machine that the receiving machine would be able to pass all of these occurrence of PLB 132 unit units.
Right, without any problem.
So you can see how flexible is this concept of the Elvie?
So many network protocols actually uses this concept of TRV in order to exchange their messages with
other machines that is deployed in the network.